NMS-8571: BSM Docs update (#5344)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/reference/pages/daemons/daemon-config-files/bsmd.adoc

[[ref-daemon-config-files-bsmd]]
= Bsmd

Handles calculation of the operational status of the defined xref:operation:bsm/introduction.adoc[business services].
The daemon tracks the operational status of all business services and sends events when there are operational status changes.

> Every time you make changes to the configuration of a business service, you must reload the daemon's configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every time you change the configuration of a business service, you must reload the daemon's configuration.
```
